Actus Primus. Scoena Prima.
Flourish. Enter the Tribunes and Senators aloft And then enter Saturninus and his Followers at one doore, and Bassianus and his Followers at the other, with Drum & Colours.
Saturninus. 
Noble Patricians, Patrons of my right, 
Defend the justice of my Cause with Armes. 
And Countrey-men, my loving Followers, 
Pleade my Successive Title with your Swords. 
I was the first borne Sonne, that was the last 
That wore the Imperiall Diadem of Rome: 
Then let my Fathers Honours live in me, 
Nor wrong mine Age with this indignitie.
Bassianus. 
Romaines, Friends, Followers, 
Favours of my Right: 
If ever Bassianus, Caesars Sonne, 
Were gracious in the eyes of Royall Rome, 
Keepe then this passage to the Capitoll: 
And suffer not Dishonour to approach 
Th' Imperiall Seate to Vertue: consecrate 
To Justice, Continence, and Nobility: 
But let Desert in pure Election shine; 
And Romanes, fight for Freedome in your Choice. Enter Marcus Andronicus aloft with the Crowne. 
Princes, that strive by Factions, and by Friends, 
Ambitiously for Rule and Empery: 
Know, that the people of Rome for whom we stand 
A speciall Party, have by Common voyce 
In Election for the Romane Emperie, 
Chosen Andronicus, Sur-named Pious, 
For many good and great deserts to Rome. 
A Nobler man, a braver Warriour, 
Lives not this day within the City Walles. 
He by the Senate is accited home 
From weary Warres against the barbarous Gothes, 
That with his Sonnes (a terror to our Foes) 
Hath yoak'd a Nation strong, train'd up in Armes. 
Ten yeares are spent, since first he undertooke 
This Cause of Rome, and chasticed with Armes 
Our Enemies pride. Five times he hath return'd 
Bleeding to Rome, bearing his Valiant Sonnes 
In Coffins from the Field. 
And now at last, laden with Honours Spoyles, 
Returnes the good Andronicus to Rome, 
Renowned Titus, flourishing in Armes. 
Let us intreat, by Honour of his Name, 
Whom (worthily) you would have now succeede, 
And in the Capitoll and Senates right, 
Whom you pretend to Honour and Adore, 
That you withdraw you, and abate your Strength, 
Dismisse your Followers, and as Suters should, 
Pleade your Deserts in Peace and Humblenesse.
Saturnine. 
How fayre the Tribune speakes, 
To calme my thoughts.
Bassia. 
Marcus Andronicus, so I do affie 
In thy uprightnesse and Integrity: 
And so I Love and Honor thee, and thine, 
Thy Noble Brother Titus, and his Sonnes, 
And Her (to whom my thoughts are humbled all) 
Gracious Lavinia, Romes rich Ornament, 
That I will heere dismisse my loving Friends: 
And to my Fortunes, and the Peoples Favour, 
Commit my Cause in ballance to be weigh'd. Exit Souldiours.
Saturnine. 
Friends, that have beene 
Thus forward in my Right, 
I thanke you all, and heere Dismisse you all, 
And to the Love and Favour of my Countrey, 
Commit my Selfe, my Person, and the Cause: 
Rome, be as just and gracious unto me, 
As I am confident and kinde to thee. 
Open the Gates, and let me in.
Bassia. 
Tribunes, and me, a poore Competitor. Flourish. They go up into the Senat house. Enter a Captaine.
Cap. 
Romanes make way: the good Andronicus, 
Patron of Vertue, Romes best Champion, 
Successefull in the Battailes that he fights, 
With Honour and with Fortune is return'd, 
From whence he circumscribed with his Sword, 
And brought to yoke the Enemies of Rome. Sound Drummes and Trumpets. And then enter two of Titus *Sonnes; After them, two men bearing a Coffin covered *with blacke, then two other Sonnes. After them, Titus *Andronicus, and then Tamora the Queene of Gothes, & *her two Sonnes Chiron and Demetrius, with Aaron the *Moore, and others, as many as can bee: They set downe the Coffin, and Titus speakes.
Andronicus. 
Haile Rome: 
Victorious in thy Mourning Weedes: 
Loe as the Barke that hath discharg'd his fraught, 
Returnes with precious lading to the Bay, 
From whence at first she weigh'd her Anchorage: 
Commeth Andronicus bound with Lawrell bowes, 
To resalute his Country with his teares, 
Teares of true joy for his returne to Rome, 
Thou great defender of this Capitoll, 
Stand gracious to the Rites that we intend. 
Romaines, of five and twenty Valiant Sonnes, 
Halfe of the number that King Priam had, 
Behold the poore remaines alive and dead! 
These that Survive, let Rome reward with Love: 
These that I bring unto their latest home, 
With buriall amongst their Auncestors. 
Heere Gothes have given me leave to sheath my Sword: 
Titus unkinde, and carelesse of thine owne, 
Why suffer'st thou thy Sonnes unburied yet, 
To houer on the dreadfull shore of Stix? 
Make way to lay them by their Bretheren. They open the Tombe. 
There greete in silence as the dead are wont, 
And sleepe in peace, slaine in your Countries warres: 
O sacred receptacle of my joyes, 
Sweet Cell of vertue and Nobilitie, 
How many Sonnes of mine hast thou in store, 
That thou wilt never render to me more?
Luc. 
Give us the proudest prisoner of the Gothes, 
That we may hew his limbes, and on a pile 
Ad manus fratrum, sacrifice his flesh: 
Before this earthly prison of their bones, 
That so the shadowes be not unappeas'd, 
Nor we disturb'd with prodigies on earth.
Tit. 
I give him you, the Noblest that Survives, 
The eldest Son of this distressed Queene.
Tam. 
Stay Romaine Bretheren, gracious Conqueror, 
Victorious Titus, rue the teares I shed, 
A Mothers teares in passion for her sonne: 
And if thy Sonnes were ever deere to thee, 
Oh thinke my sonnes to be as deere to mee. 
Sufficeth not, that we are brought to Rome 
To beautifie thy Triumphs, and returne 
Captive to thee, and to thy Romaine yoake, 
But must my Sonnes be slaughtred in the streetes, 
For Valiant doings in their Countries cause? 
O! If to fight for King and Common-weale, 
Were piety in thine, it is in these: 
Andronicus, staine not thy Tombe with blood. 
Wilt thou draw neere the nature of the Gods? 
Draw neere them then in being mercifull. 
Sweet mercy is Nobilities true badge, 
Thrice Noble Titus, spare my first borne sonne.
Tit. 
Patient your selfe Madam, and pardon me. 
These are the Brethren, whom you Gothes beheld 
Alive and dead, and for their Bretheren slaine, 
Religiously they aske a sacrifice: 
To this your sonne is markt, and die he must, 
T' appease their groaning shadowes that are gone.
Luc. 
Away with him, and make a fire straight, 
And with our Swords upon a pile of wood, 
Let's hew his limbes till they be cleane consum'd. Exit Sonnes with Alarbus.
Tamo. 
O cruell irreligious piety.
Chi. 
Was ever Scythia halfe so barbarous?
Dem. 
Oppose me Scythia to ambitious Rome, 
Alarbus goes to rest, and we survive, 
To tremble under Titus threatning lookes. 
Then Madam stand resolv'd, but hope withall, 
The selfe same Gods that arm'd the Queene of Troy 
With opportunitie of sharpe revenge 
Upon the Thracian Tyrant in his Tent, 
May favour Tamora the Queene of Gothes, 
(When Gothes were Gothes, and Tamora was Queene) 
To quit the bloody wrongs upon her foes. Enter the Sonnes of Andronicus againe.
Luci. 
See Lord and Father, how we have perform'd 
Our Romaine rightes, Alarbus limbs are lopt, 
And intrals feede the sacrifising fire, 
Whole smoke like incense doth perfume the skie. 
Remaineth nought but to interre our Brethren, 
And with low'd Larums welcome them to Rome.
Tit. 
Let it be so, and let Andronicus 
Make this his latest farewell to their Soules. Flourish. Then Sound Trumpets, and lay the Coffins in the Tombe. 
In peace and Honour rest you heere my Sonnes, 
Romes readiest Champions, repose you heere in rest, 
Secure from worldly chaunces and mishaps: 
Heere lurks no Treason, heere no envie swels, 
Heere grow no damned grudges, heere are no stormes, 
No noyse, but silence and Eternall sleepe, 
In peace and Honour rest you heere my Sonnes. Enter Lavinia.
Lavi. 
In peace and Honour, live Lord Titus long, 
My Noble Lord and Father, live in Fame: 
Loe at this Tombe my tributarie teares, 
I render for my Bretherens Obsequies: 
And at thy feete I kneele, with teares of joy 
Shed on the earth for thy returne to Rome. 
O blesse me heere with thy victorious hand, 
Whose Fortune Romes best Citizens applau'd.
Ti. 
Kind Rome, 
That hast thus lovingly reserv'd 
The Cordiall of mine age to glad my hart, 
Lavinia live, out-live thy Fathers dayes: 
And Fames eternall date for vertues praise.
Marc. 
Long live Lord Titus, my beloved brother, 
Gracious Triumpher in the eyes of Rome.
Tit. 
Thankes Gentle Tribune, 
Noble brother Marcus.
Mar. 
And welcome Nephews from succesfull wars, 
You that survive and you that sleepe in Fame: 
Faire Lords your Fortunes are all alike in all, 
That in your Countries service drew your Swords. 
But safer Triumph is this Funerall Pompe, 
That hath aspir'd to Solons Happines, 
And Triumphs over chaunce in honours bed. 
Titus Andronicus, the people of Rome, 
Whose friend in justice thou hast ever bene, 
Send thee by me their Tribune and their trust, 
This Palliament of white and spotlesse Hue, 
And name thee in Election for the Empire, 
With these our late deceased Emperours Sonnes: 
Be Candidatus then, and put it on, 
And helpe to set a head on headlesse Rome.
Tit. 
A better head her Glorious body fits, 
Then his that shakes for age and feeblenesse: 
What should I don this Robe and trouble you, 
Be chosen with proclamations to day, 
To morrow yeeld up rule, resigne my life, 
And set abroad new businesse for you all. 
Rome I have bene thy Souldier forty yeares, 
And led my Countries strength successefully, 
And buried one and twenty Valiant Sonnes, 
Knighted in Field, slaine manfully in Armes, 
In right and Service of their Noble Countrie: 
Give me a staffe of Honour for mine age, 
But not a Scepter to controule the world, 
Upright he held it Lords, that held it last.
Mar. 
Titus, thou shalt obtaine and aske the Emperie.
Sat. 
Proud and ambitious Tribune can'st thou tell?
Titus. 
Patience Prince Saturninus.
Sat. 
Romaines do me right. 
Patricians draw your Swords, and sheath them not 
Till Saturninus be Romes Emperour: 
Andronicus would thou wert shipt to hell, 
Rather then rob me of the peoples harts.
Luc. 
Proud Saturnine, interrupter of the good 
That Noble minded Titus meanes to thee.
Tit. 
Content thee Prince, I will restore to thee 
The peoples harts, and weane them from themselves.
Bass. 
Andronicus, I do not flatter thee 
But Honour thee, and will doe till I die: 
My Faction if thou strengthen with thy Friend? 
I will most thankefull be, and thankes to men 
Of Noble mindes, is Honourable Meede.
Tit. 
People of Rome, and Noble Tribunes heere, 
I aske your voyces and your Suffrages, 
Will you bestow them friendly on Andronicus?
Tribunes. 
To gratifie the good Andronicus, 
And Gratulate his safe returne to Rome, 
The people will accept whom he admits.
Tit. 
Tribunes I thanke you, and this sure I make, 
That you Create your Emperours eldest sonne, 
Lord Saturnine, whose Vertues will I hope, 
Reflect on Rome as Tytans Rayes on earth, 
And ripen Justice in this Common-weale: 
Then if you will elect by my advise, 
Crowne him, and say: Long live our Emperour.
Mar. An. 
With Voyces and applause of every sort, 
Patricians and Plebeans we Create 
Lord Saturninus Romes Great Emperour. 
And say, Long live our Emperour Saturnine. A long Flourish till they come downe.
Satu. 
Titus Andronicus, for thy Favours done, 
To us in our Election this day, 
I give thee thankes in part of thy Deserts, 
And will with Deeds requite thy gentlenesse: 
And for an Onset Titus to advance 
Thy Name, and Honorable Familie, 
Lavinia will I make my Empresse, 
Romes Royall Mistris, Mistris of my hart 
And in the Sacred Pathan her espouse: 
Tell me Andronicus doth this motion please thee?
Tit. 
It doth my worthy Lord, and in this match, 
I hold me Highly Honoured of your Grace, 
And heere in sight of Rome, to Saturnine, 
King and Commander of our Common-weale, 
The Wide-worlds Emperour, do I Consecrate, 
My Sword, my Chariot, and my Prisoners, 
Presents well Worthy Romes Imperiall Lord: 
Receive them then, the Tribute that I owe, 
Mine Honours Ensignes humbled at my feete.
Satu. 
Thankes Noble Titus, Father of my life, 
How proud I am of thee, and of thy gifts 
Rome shall record, and when I do forget 
The least of these unspeakable Deserts, 
Romans forget your Fealtie to me.
Tit. 
Now Madam are you prisoner to an Emperour, 
To him that for your Honour and your State, 
Will use you Nobly and your followers.
Satu. 
A goodly Lady, trust me of the Hue 
That I would choose, were I to choose a new: 
Cleere up Faire Queene that cloudy countenance, 
Though chance of warre 
Hath wrought this change of cheere, 
Thou com'st not to be made a scorne in Rome: 
Princely shall be thy usage every way. 
Rest on my word, and let not discontent 
Daunt all your hopes: Madam he comforts you, 
Can make you Greater then the Queene of Gothes? 
Lavinia you are not displeas'd with this?
Lav. 
Not I my Lord, sith true Nobilitie, 
Warrants these words in Princely curtesie.
Sat. 
Thankes sweete Lavinia, Romans let us goe: 
Ransomlesse heere we set our Prisoners free, 
Proclaime our Honors Lords with Trumpe and Drum.
Bass. 
Lord Titus by your leave, this Maid is mine.
Tit. 
How sir? Are you in earnest then my Lord?
Bass. 
I Noble Titus, and resolv'd withall, 
To doe my selfe this reason, and this right.
Marc. 
Suum cuiquam, is our Romane Justice, 
This Prince in Justice ceazeth but his owne.
Luc. 
And that he will and shall, if Lucius live.
Tit. 
Traytors avant, where is the Emperours Guarde? 
Treason my Lord, Lavinia is surpris'd.
Sat. 
Surpris'd, by whom?
Bass. 
By him that justly may 
Beare his Betroth'd, from all the world away.
Muti. 
Brothers helpe to convey her hence away, 
And with my Sword Ile keepe this doore safe.
Tit. 
Follow my Lord, and Ile soone bring her backe.
Mut. 
My Lord you passe not heere.
Tit. 
What villaine Boy, bar'st me my way in Rome?
Mut. 
Helpe Lucius helpe. He kils him.
Luc. 
My Lord you are unjust, and more then so, 
In wrongfull quarrell, you have slaine your son.
Tit. 
Nor thou, nor he are any sonnes of mine, 
My sonnes would never so dishonour me. 
Traytor restore Lavinia to the Emperour.
Luc. 
Dead if you will, but not to be his wife, 
That is anothers lawfull promist Love. Enter aloft the Emperour with Tamora and her two sonnes, and Aaron the Moore.
Empe. 
No Titus, no, the Emperour needs her not, 
Nor her, nor thee, nor any of thy stocke: 
Ile trust by Leisure him that mocks me once. 
Thee never: nor thy Trayterous haughty sonnes, 
Confederates all, thus to dishonour me. 
Was none in Rome to make a stale 
But Saturnine? Full well Andronicus 
Agree these Deeds, with that proud bragge of thine, 
That said'st, I beg'd the Empire at thy hands.
Tit. 
O monstrous, what reproachfull words are these?
Sat. 
But goe thy wayes, goe give that changing peece, 
To him that flourisht for her with his Sword: 
A Valliant sonne in-law thou shalt enjoy: 
One, fit to bandy with thy lawlesse Sonnes, 
To ruffle in the Common-wealth of Rome.
Tit. 
These words are Razors to my wounded hart.
Sat. 
And therefore lovely Tamora Queene of Gothes, 
That like the stately Thebe mong'st her Nimphs 
Dost over-shine the Gallant'st Dames of Rome, 
If thou be pleas'd with this my sodaine choyse, 
Behold I choose thee Tamora for my Bride, 
And will Create thee Empresse of Rome. 
Speake Queene of Goths dost thou applau'd my choyse? 
And heere I sweare by all the Romaine Gods, 
Sith Priest and Holy-water are so neere, 
And Tapers burne so bright, and every thing 
In readines for Hymeneus stand, 
I will not resalute the streets of Rome, 
Or clime my Pallace, till from forth this place, 
I leade espous'd my Bride along with me.
Tamo. 
And heere in sight of heaven to Rome I sweare, 
If Saturnine advance the Queen of Gothes, 
Shee will a Hand-maid be to his desires, 
A loving Nurse, a Mother to his youth.
Satur. 
Ascend Faire Queene, 
Panthean Lords, accompany 
Your Noble Emperour and his lovely Bride, 
Sent by the heavens for Prince Saturnine, 
Whose wisedome hath her Fortune Conquered, 
There shall we Consummate our Spousall rites. Exeunt omnes.
Tit. 
I am not bid to waite upon this Bride: 
Titus when wer't thou wont to walke alone, 
Dishonoured thus and Challenged of wrongs? Enter Marcus and Titus Sonnes.
Mar. 
O Titus see! O see what thou hast done! 
In a bad quarrell, slaine a Vertuous sonne.
Tit. 
No foolish Tribune, no: No sonne of mine, 
Nor thou, nor these Confedrates in the deed, 
That hath dishonoured all our Family, 
Unworthy brother, and unworthy Sonnes.
Luci. 
But let us give him buriall as becomes: 
Give Mutius buriall with our Bretheren.
Tit. 
Traytors away, he rest's not in this Tombe: 
This Monument five hundreth yeares hath stood, 
Which I have Sumptuously re-edified. 
Heere none but Souldiers, and Romes Servitors, 
Repose in Fame: None basely slaine in braules, 
Bury him where you can, he comes not heere.
Mar. 
My Lord this is impiety in you, 
My Nephew Mutius deeds do plead for him, 
He must be buried with his bretheren.
Titus two Sonnes speakes. 
And shall, or him we will accompany.
Ti. 
And shall! What villaine was it spake that word?
Titus sonne speakes. 
He that would vouch'd it in any place but heere.
Tit. 
What would you bury him in my despight?
Mar. 
No Noble Titus, but intreat of thee, 
To pardon Mutius, and to bury him.
Tit. 
Marcus, Even thou hast stroke upon my Crest, 
And with these Boyes mine Honour thou hast wounded, 
My foes I doe repute you every one. 
So trouble me no more, but get you gone.
1.Sonne. 
He is not himselfe, let us withdraw.
2.Sonne. 
Not I tell Mutius bones be buried. The Brother and the sonnes kneele.
Mar. 
Brother, for in that name doth nature plea'd.
2.Sonne. 
Father, and in that name doth nature speake.
Tit. 
Speake thou no more if all the rest will speede.
Mar. 
Renowned Titus more then halfe my soule.
Luc. 
Deare Father, soule and substance of us all.
Mar. 
Suffer thy brother Marcus to interre 
His Noble Nephew heere in vertues nest, 
That died in Honour and Lavinia's cause. 
Thou art a Romaine, be not barbarous: 
The Greekes upon advise did bury Ajax 
That slew himselfe: And Laertes sonne, 
Did graciously plead for his Funerals: 
Let not young Mutius then that was thy joy, 
Be bar'd his entrance heere.
Tit. 
Rise Marcus, rise, 
The dismall'st day is this that ere I saw, 
To be dishonored by my Sonnes in Rome: 
Well, bury him, and bury me the next. They put him in the Tombe.
Luc. 
There lie thy bones sweet Mutius with thy friends. 
Till we with Trophees do adorne thy Tombe. They all kneele and say. 
No man shed teares for Noble Mutius, 
He lives in Fame, that di'd in vertues cause. Exit.
Mar. 
My Lord to step out of these sudden dumps, 
How comes it that the subtile Queene of Gothes, 
Is of a sodaine thus advanc'd in Rome?
Ti. 
I know not Marcus: but I know it is, 
(Whether by devise or no) the heavens can tell, 
Is she not then beholding to the man, 
That brought her for this high good turne so farre? 
Yes, and will Nobly him remunerate. Flourish. Enter the Emperor, Tamora, and her two sons, with the Moore at one doore. Enter at the other doore Bassianus and Lavinia with others.
Sat. 
So Bassianus, you have plaid your prize, 
God give you joy sir of your Gallant Bride.
Bass. 
And you of yours my Lord: I say no more, 
Nor wish no lesse, and so I take my leave.
Sat. 
Traytor, if Rome have law, or we have power, 
Thou and thy Faction shall repent this Rape.
Bass. 
Rape call you it my Lord, to cease my owne, 
My true betrothed Love, and now my wife? 
But let the lawes of Rome determine all, 
Meane while I am possest of that is mine.
Sat. 
'Tis good sir: you are very short with us, 
But if we live, weele be as sharpe with you.
Bass. 
My Lord, what I have done as best I may, 
Answere I must, and shall do with my life, 
Onely thus much I give your Grace to know, 
By all the duties that I owe to Rome, 
This Noble Gentleman Lord Titus heere, 
Is in opinion and in honour wrong'd, 
That in the rescue of Lavinia, 
With his owne hand did slay his youngest Son, 
In zeale to you, and highly mov'd to wrath. 
To be controul'd in that he frankly gave: 
Receive him then to favour Saturnine, 
That hath expre'st himselfe in all his deeds, 
A Father and a friend to thee, and Rome.
Tit. 
Prince Bassianus leave to plead my Deeds, 
'Tis thou, and those, that have dishonoured me, 
Rome and the righteous heavens be my judge, 
How I have lov'd and Honour'd Saturnine.
Tam. 
My worthy Lord if ever Tamora, 
Were gracious in those Princely eyes of thine, 
Then heare me speake indifferently for all: 
And at my sute (sweet) pardon what is past.
Satu. 
What Madam, be dishonoured openly, 
And basely put it up without revenge?
Tam. 
Not so my Lord, 
The Gods of Rome fore-fend, 
I should be Authour to dishonour you. 
But on mine honour dare, I undertake 
For good Lord Titus innocence in all: 
Whose fury not dissembled speakes his griefes: 
Then at my sute looke graciously on him, 
Loose not so noble a friend on vaine suppose, 
Nor with sowre lookes afflict his gentle heart. 
My Lord, be rul'd by me, be wonne at last, 
Dissemble all your griefes and discontents, 
You are but newly planted in your Throne, 
Least then the people, and Patricians too, 
Upon a just survey take Titus part, 
And so supplant us for ingratitude, 
Which Rome reputes to be a hainous sinne. 
Yeeld at intreats, and then let me alone: 
Ile finde a day to massacre them all, 
And race their faction, and their familie, 
The cruell Father, and his trayt'rous sonnes, 
To whom I sued for my deare sonnes life. 
And make them know what 'tis to let a Queene. 
Kneele in the streetes, and beg for grace in vaine. 
Come, come, sweet Emperour, (come Andronicus) 
Take up this good old man, and cheere the heart, 
That dies in tempest of thy angry frowne.
King. 
Rise Titus, rise, 
My Empresse hath prevail'd.
Titus. 
I thanke your Majestie, 
And her my Lord. 
These words, these lookes, 
Infuse new life in me.
Tamo. 
Titus, I am incorparate in Rome, 
A Roman now adopted happily. 
And must advise the Emperour for his good, 
This day all quarrels die Andronicus. 
And let it be mine honour good my Lord, 
That I have reconcil'd your friends and you. 
For you Prince Bassianus, I have past 
My word and promise to the Emperour, 
That you will be more milde and tractable. 
And feare not Lords: 
And you Lavinia, 
By my advise all humbled on your knees, 
You shall aske pardon of his Majestie.
Son. 
We doe, 
And vow to heaven, and to his Highnes, 
That what we did, was mildly, as we might, 
Tendring our sisters honour and our owne.
Mar. 
That on mine honour heere I do protest.
King. 
Away and talke not, trouble us no more.
Tamora. 
Nay, nay, 
Sweet Emperour, we must all be friends, 
The Tribune and his Nephews kneele for grace, 
I will not be denied, sweet hart looke back.
King. 
Marcus, 
For thy sake and thy brothers heere, 
And at my lovely Tamora's intreats, 
I doe remit these young mens haynous faults. 
Stand up: Lavinia, though you left me like a churle, 
I found a friend, and sure as death I sware, 
I would not part a Batchellour from the Priest. 
Come, if the Emperours Court can feast two Brides, 
You are my guest Lavinia, and your friends: 
This day shall be a Love-day Tamora.
Tit. 
To morrow and it please your Majestie, 
To hunt the Panther and the Hart with me, 
With horne and Hound, 
Weele give your Grace Bon jour.
Satur. 
Be it so Titus, and Gramercy to. Exeunt.